Note about audience limits and a/b tests (#5011)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/engagement_tools/campaigns/building_campaigns/rate-limiting.md

By selecting the max user limit, you can limit the rate at which your users receive notifications on a per-channel basis or globally across all message types.

##### Max user cap with optimizations

If you are using an optimization like Winning Variant or Personalized Variant, the campaign will consist of two sends: the initial experiment and the final send. 

To set up a max user cap in this scenario, select **Limit the number of people who will receive this campaign**, then select **In total this campaign should**, and enter an audience limit. Your audience limit will be split up by the percentages shown in the A/B Testing panel. 

> If you select "Every time the campaign is scheduled", those two phases will be separately limited to the number set. This is typically not desirable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you select **Every time the campaign is scheduled**, those two phases will be separately limited to the number set. This is typically not desirable.
```

By selecting the max user limit, you can limit the rate at which your users receive notifications on a per-channel basis or globally across all message types.

> Note that if you are using an optimization like Winning Variant or Personalized Variant, the campaign will consist of two sends: the initial experiment and the final send. Choose "In total this Campaign should" to split up the audience limit you entered in the box by the percentages shown in the A/B Testing panel. (If you select "Every time the campaign is scheduled", those two phases will be separately limited to the number set. This is typically not desirable.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

##### Max user cap with optimizations

If you are using an optimization like Winning Variant or Personalized Variant, the campaign will consist of two sends: the initial experiment and the final send. 

To set up a max user cap in this scenario, select **Limit the number of people who will receive this campaign**, then select **In total this campaign should**, and enter an audience limit. Your audience limit will be split up by the percentages shown in the A/B Testing panel. 

If you select "Every time the campaign is scheduled", those two phases will be separately limited to the number set. This is typically not desirable.
```
